Docs: add dev blog post for distribution `2506` (#2312)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/blog/2025-02-14-distribution-2506.md

---
title: Distribution `2506` is now available
authors:
  - name: Mithril Team
tags: [release, distribution, 2506, security-advisory]
---

### Distribution `2506` is now available

:::warning

> - This distribution embeds a fix for the **Mithril certificate chain could be manipulated by an adversarial signer** security advisory [GHSA-724h-fpm5-4qvr](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/security/advisories/GHSA-724h-fpm5-4qvr)
> - All users running a **client library, client CLI or client WASM** are **strongly encouraged** to update them to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This distribution embeds a fix for the **Mithril certificate chain could be manipulated by an adversarial signer** security advisory [GHSA-724h-fpm5-4qvr](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/security/advisories/GHSA-724h-fpm5-4qvr)
- All users running a **client library, client CLI, or client WASM** are **strongly encouraged** to update to the latest version.
```

:::

> We have released the [`2506.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2506.0) distribution, which includes the following:
> 
> - Support certification of the protocol parameters and epoch in the certificate chain in the clients
> - Stable support for **Cardano node v.10.1.4** in the signer and aggregator
> - Remove support for `Thales` era in the signer and the aggregator
> - Stable support for aggregator HTTP responses compression in the signer, aggregator and clients
> - Build and publish both a `stable` version (for release networks) and an `unstable` version (for testing networks) of the explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have released the [`2506.0`](https://github.com/input-output-hk/mithril/releases/tag/2506.0) distribution, which includes the following:

- Support for certifying protocol parameters and epochs in the certificate chain in clients
- Stable support for **Cardano node v.10.1.4** in the signer and aggregator
- Removal of support for the `Thales` era in the signer and aggregator
- Stable support for aggregator HTTP response compression in the signer, aggregator, and clients
- Building and publication of both a `stable` version (for release networks) and an `unstable` version (for testing networks) of the explorer.
```

> This new distribution has been deployed to the **Mithril aggregator** of the `release-mainnet` and `release-preprod` networks.
> 
> If you are running a **Mithril signer**:
> 
> - **pre-release-preview** network: no action is required at this time
> - **release-preprod** network: upgrade your signer node binary to version `0.2.228` - no configuration updates are required
> - **release-mainnet** network: upgrade your signer node binary to version `0.2.228` - no configuration updates are required.
> 
> You can easily update your Mithril signer with this one-line command (it downloads to the current directory by default; you can specify a custom folder by using the `-p` option):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This new distribution has been deployed to the **Mithril aggregator** of the `release-mainnet` and `release-preprod` networks.

If you are running a **Mithril signer**:

- **pre-release-preview** network: no action is required at this time
- **release-preprod** network: upgrade your signer node binary to version `0.2.228` – no configuration updates are required
- **release-mainnet** network: upgrade your signer node binary to version `0.2.228` – no configuration updates are required.

You can easily update the Mithril signer with this one-line command. It downloads to the current directory by default, but a custom folder can be specified using the -p option:
```
